#summary All about PWM and how we use it to vary motor speed!

= What is PWM? =

Pulse-width modulation (PWM)is a commonly used technique for controlling power flow to electrical devices.

The average value of voltage (and current) fed to the load is controlled by turning the switch between supply and load on and off at a fast pace. The longer the switch is on compared to the off periods, the higher the power supplied to the load is.


= Incorporation into CMDrobot =

In order to control the robot's motor speed the amount of voltage had to be varied. There were a couple of ways to tackle this, listed below:

   * *Option 1*

Our first suggestion was that we shouldn't have any speed control because the difficulty was to high but after evaluating the following options we decided it was crucial to the project because it also effected other elements of the project such as steering.

   * *Option 2*

The second option and first REAL option was to have a series of switchable transistors and/or relays creating individual paths with each path incurring a particular resistance or linking particular batteries into series. Using the Raspberry Pi GPIO interface we would be able to control the voltage flowing to the motors which would effectively give us speed control in large increments.

   * *Option 3*

Our third option was to investigate a method of voltage regulation called Pulse Width Modulation. The concept was easy to understand but would prove extremely difficult to implement. By varying the ratio of on to off switching we would be able to effectively control the speed of the motors from stall to maximum speed. With 256 possible values for output the option would fit nicely with the accuracy of the joystick

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages