#summary Updates to do with the project

= List of Updates =

21/12/12

Work has been done on [http://pwnpi.net pwnpi], the official hacking OS for CMDrecon and any other hacking devices in the CMD fleet. Pwnpi is basically a Backtrack 5R3 port to ARM and the raspberry pi!

14/12/12

Alpha 2 of CMDrecon is out along with Beta build of CMDoverwatch!

9/12/12

Work on CMDrecon has begun! We have officially got alpha 1 going! Info on alpha 1 can be found on the prototypes page :)

1/12/12 12:12 AM *UPDATE:*

I (Tom) have tidied up the project page with new labels and layout for the downloads section! Any contributors are to put in the "type" and also the "state" example Python, Stable respectively.

Uploaded 2 new files, control module 1.6.2 which includes a stack of enhancements, bug fixes and a couple of new features as well as TCP - debug which I am using to start a new fork for the project! *Below*

Work has now commenced on a Windows 8 App for controlling and receiving data from the robot over via a TCP connection! This work will be carried out by Tom as he is the only one qualified, I currently am able to send values to the server but a few bugs need to be ironed out before I can call it alpha :) Will upload when ready to the downloads page!

10:30pm - 16/11/12
**UPDATE**:

Release of the latest files are available for download.  NEW FEATURES are enabled and available such as single channel PWM for each motor and the ability to select your TCP service during the boot-up of the script.  Other updated features can be found on the downloads page.  

Other news includes that the orders for the motors and the order for the 30A h-bridge have gone through and should be arriving late next week.  The Gertboard still needs to be built now that we have all the required parts.  The "Optimise Arduino to only use 2 PWM channels" has been completed (as mentioned above).

We should increase the speed of production of the robot after the HSC mathematics paper on Wednesday afternoon.  Due to this event on Wednesday, further developments may come to a stop temporarily. 

Keep watching here for more information and updates

---


11:52 am - 11/11/12
**UPDATE**:

In the latest edition of the Control Module we have added support for WASD control of the robot @100% power only.  This is only accessible via debug mode not being turned on.  debug_value = "n".